Add mirroring script (#4729)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/contributing.md

If the feature you're interested in is a JavaScript API, you can cross-reference data against [Web API Confluence](https://web-confluence.appspot.com/) using the `confluence` command. This command overwrites data in your current working tree according to data from the dashboard. See [Using Confluence](using-confluence.md) for instructions.

## Optional: Generating data using the mirroring script

> Many browsers within BCD are derived from Chrome. To help cut down time working on copying these values over, a mirroring script is provided. You can run `npm run mirror <browser> <feature_or_file> [--source=""] [--modify=""]` to automatically perform this mirroring process. The browser is the destination browser that values will be copied to. The script automatically determines what browser to copy from based upon the destination, but manual specification is possible through the `--source=""` argument. The feature argument is the identifier of the feature to update (i.e. `css.at-rules.namespace`), a filename (`javascript/operators/arithmetic.json`), or an entire folder (`api`). By default, the mirroring script will only overwrite values in the destination that are `true` or `null`, but can take a `--modify=""` argument to specify whether to overwrite values that are `false` as well (`--modify=bool`), or any values (`--modify=always`).

Reviewer: Should we maybe expand a bit how automatic mirroring works? "Many browsers within BCD are derived from Chrome" makes this sound like the mirroring script only takes care about Chromium derivatives, but it also mirrors say Firefox Android from Firefox, right? So, maybe a little table that shows what is mirrored from where automatically would help a little?

## Optional: Generating data using the mirroring script

Many browsers within BCD are derived from other browsers, for example Opera derives from Chrome, and Firefox Android derives from Firefox. To help cut down time working on copying values between browsers, a mirroring script is provided. You can run `npm run mirror <browser> <feature_or_file> [--source=""] [--modify=""]` to automatically copy values.

The <browser> argument is the destination browser that values will be copied to. The script automatically determines what browser to copy from based upon the destination (see table below), but manual specification is possible through the `--source=""` argument.

| Destination      | Default Source    |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| Chrome Android   | Chrome            |
| Edge             | Internet Explorer |
| Firefox Android  | Firefox           |
| Opera            | Chrome            |
| Opera Android    | Chrome Android    |
| Safari iOS       | Safari            |
| Samsung Internet | Chrome Android    |
| WebView          | Chrome Android    |

> The <feature> argument is the identifier of the feature to update (i.e. `css.at-rules.namespace`), a filename (`javascript/operators/arithmetic.json`), or an entire folder (`api`). Note: there is currently no support for feature identifiers. Furthermore, the script assumes a predictable file structure when passing in a feature identifier, which BCD doesn't have right now. (See [issue 3617](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/3617).) For example, even if "html.elements.input.input-button" is a valid query, it will fail because the file structure for input-button isn't consistent with the rest right now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <feature_or_filename> argument is either the identifier of the feature to update (i.e. `css.at-rules.namespace`), a filename (`javascript/operators/arithmetic.json`), or an entire folder (`api`). 

Note when using feature identifiers: 
 * Updates aren't applied recursively; only the given data point is updated when using a feature ID. Use a filename or folder for mass mirroring.
 * The script assumes a predictable file structure when passing in a feature identifier, which BCD doesn't have right now. (See [issue 3617](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/3617).) For example, even if "html.elements.input.input-button" is a valid query, it will fail because the file structure for input-button isn't consistent with the rest right now.
```
